.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _administration_manual:

Administration Manual
=====================

Target group: **Administrators**

.. _installation:

Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _add_via_composer:

Add via composer.json:
----------------------

.. code-block:: javascript

  composer require "passionweb/ai-seo-helper"

- Install the extension via composer
- Flush TYPO3 and PHP Cache
- Add your OpenAI secret key to the extension configuration before using the extension

.. _add_via_ter:

Add via TER:
------------

If you want to install the extension via TER you can find detailed instructions `here <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/guide-installation/10.4/en-us/ExtensionInstallation/Index.html>`_.

* Install the extension via TER
* Flush TYPO3 and PHP Cache
* Add your OpenAI secret key to the extension configuration before using the extension

.. _add_further_information:

Further information
-------------------

The different ways to install an extension and additional detailed information can be found `here <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/main/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/HowTo/ExtensionManagement.html>`_.


.. _configuration:

Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Extension manager configuration
-------------------------------

You can adapt the following parameters to your personal needs. After the first tests, the best results were achieved with the predefined values. However, this is no guarantee that these values ​​will also achieve the best results for you.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=API Key; type=string; label=OpenAI Secret Key
    openAiApiKey = YOUR_API_KEY

Enter your generated API key.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=meta description; type=string; label=Prompt-Prefix for meta description generation
    openAiPromptPrefixMetaDescription = Extract five seo meta descriptions in a bullet point list, each seo meta description in one short sentence and with a maximum of 150 characters or less, for the content of

Enter your instruction for generating meta description. Since OpenAI calculates the length of the content with tokens (an explanation of the conversion of tokens into characters and sentences can be found `here <https://help.openai.com/en/articles/4936856-what-are-tokens-and-how-to-count-them#:~:text=Tokens%20can%20be%20thought%20of,spaces%20and%20even%20sub%2Dwords.>`_) by default, we have to explicitly tell the AI ​​the desired total length and the type of expected creation

.. code-block:: none

    #cat=meta description; type=boolean; label=Show raw response content of meta description suggestions
    showRawMetaDescriptionSuggestions = 0

By default, the extension prepares the meta description suggestions in such a way that they can be selected via radio button. If you change the prompt prefix and no bullet point list is returned as a result, display problems can occur here. With this option you can output the raw content and select your favorite meta description via copy/paste.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=keywords; type=string; label=Prompt-Prefix for keywords generation
    openAiPromptPrefixKeywords = Extract seo keywords from this text

Enter your instruction for generating keywords.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=keywords; type=string; label=Replace first part of generated keywords
    replaceTextKeywords = SEO keywords:

The content generated by OpenAI is usually supplemented with a short introduction. Here you can define the part of the generated content that should be removed.

.. code-block:: none

    #cat=page title; type=string; label=Prompt-Prefix for page title suggestions generation
    openAiPromptPrefixPageTitle = Suggest page title ideas in bullet point list for this text

Enter your instruction for generating page title suggestions (IMPORTANT: response must be a bullet point list as the return is processed that way).

.. code-block:: none

    #cat=page title; type=boolean; label=Show raw response content of page title suggestions
    showRawPageTitleSuggestions = 0

By default, the extension prepares the page title suggestions in such a way that they can be selected via radio button. If you change the prompt prefix and no bullet point list is returned as a result, display problems can occur here. With this option you can output the raw content and select your favorite page title via copy/paste.

.. code-block:: none

    #cat=open graph & twitter; type=boolean; label=Fill Open Graph and Twitter titles
    pageTitleForOgAndTwitter = 0

Use selected page title suggestion for Open Graph and Twitter titles

.. code-block:: none

    #cat=open graph & twitter; type=boolean; label=Fill Open Graph and Twitter descriptions
    metaDescriptionForOgAndTwitter = 0

Use selected meta description suggestion for Open Graph and Twitter descriptions

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=basic request settings; type=string; label=OpenAI Model
    openAiModel = gpt-3.5-turbo

The id of the model which will generate the completion. See `models overview <https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/overview/gpt-3-5>`_ for an overview of available models.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=basic request settings; type=double+; label=OpenAI Temperature
    openAiTemperature = 0.5

What sampling temperature to use, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=basic request settings; type=int+; label=OpenAI Max-Tokens
    openAiMaxTokens = 275

The token (`what are tokens and how to count them <https://help.openai.com/en/articles/4936856-what-are-tokens-and-how-to-count-them#:~:text=Tokens%20can%20be%20thought%20of,spaces%20and%20even%20sub%2Dwords.>`_) count of your prompt plus max_tokens cannot exceed the model's context length. Most models have a context length of 2048 tokens (except for the newest models, which support 4096).

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=basic request settings; type=int+; label=OpenAI Top-P
    openAiTopP = 1

An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=basic request settings; type=double; label=OpenAI Frequency Penalty
    openAiFrequencyPenalty = 0.8

Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model's likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=basic request settings; type=double; label=OpenAI Presence Penalty
    openAiPresencePenalty = 0

Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model's likelihood to talk about new topics.

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=basic request settings; type=boolean; label=Use always URL for requests
    useUrlForRequest = 1

With this option you can use the corresponding URL of the page for all analyses. As a result, you have to use fewer tokens to carry out your corresponding analyses. IMPORTANT: The page must be publicly accessible (hidden pages fail and pages in a local environment lead to poor results)

.. code-block:: none

    # cat=basic request settings; type=int+; label=Maximum characters per request
    maxAllowedCharacters = 16000

Here you can additionally limit the maximum number of allowed characters. By default, OpenAI allows a maximum of 4096 tokens per request, which corresponds to around 16000 to 16350 characters (in English). Special characters are "more expensive" than normal characters, which means that a token can sometimes be less than 4 characters. For more information see `What are tokens and how to count them <https://help.openai.com/en/articles/4936856-what-are-tokens-and-how-to-count-them#:~:text=Tokens%20can%20be%20thought%20of,spaces%20and%20even%20sub%2Dwords.>`_.
